README.md, before:

# Remilia's Utilities
Intended for my server, and to those who want to try it

# Tools
+ End Sword
  + Right click to teleport 12 blocks away
  + 20 Second Cooldown
+ Augmented End Sword
  + Right click to teleport 20 blocks away
  + 5 Second Cooldown
+ Ice Blaster
  + Right click to shoot
  + Uses Normal/Packed/Blue Ice as ammo
+ Icicle Staff
  + Right click to shoot
  + Needs at least one Ice in inventory
  + 1.2x faster projectile
  + Range 30~40 blocks
+ Glacial Staff
  + Right click to shoot
  + No need for Ice
  + 1.4x faster projectile
  + Splash Damage / AOE, 3 block radius around point of impact
  + 0.6s Cooldown
  + Extinguishes fire blocks on its path
  + Range 30~40 blocks
+ Barrier Sword
  + 15s Invulnerability 
  + 75s Cooldown
    <br>
# Generators
+ Lunisolar Panel I
  + 4J/s
  + 8J Buffer
  + Works day and night
+ Lunisolar Panel I
  + 16J/s
  + 32J Buffer
  + Works day and night
<br>
<br>

Known issues: 
+ Items are placeable, doesn't affect much
+ Tools incompatible with FoxyMachines' Improvement Forge & Core
<br>
<br>

My IGNs [LoveHeartX2R, RemiliaX, KakuzatouRemi]
<br>
Hehe I'm new to this
<br>

Commit message:

Added Block Drops, Gems can now be obtained. Added a separate category for gems

README.md, after:

# Remilia's Utilities
Intended for my server, and to those who want to try it

# Gems
+ To obtain, mine Stone or Deepslate, has 12.5% chance to drop one of 14 gems

# Tools
+ End Sword
  + Right click to teleport 12 blocks away
  + 20 Second Cooldown
+ Augmented End Sword
  + Right click to teleport 20 blocks away
  + 5 Second Cooldown
+ Ice Blaster
  + Right click to shoot
  + Uses Normal/Packed/Blue Ice as ammo
+ Icicle Staff
  + Right click to shoot
  + Needs at least one Ice in inventory
  + 1.2x faster projectile
  + Range 30~40 blocks
+ Glacial Staff
  + Right click to shoot
  + No need for Ice
  + 1.4x faster projectile
  + Splash Damage / AOE, 3 block radius around point of impact
  + 0.6s Cooldown
  + Extinguishes fire blocks on its path
  + Range 30~40 blocks
+ Barrier Sword
  + 15s Invulnerability 
  + 75s Cooldown
    <br>
# Generators
+ Lunisolar Panel I
  + 4J/s
  + 8J Buffer
  + Works day and night
+ Lunisolar Panel I
  + 16J/s
  + 32J Buffer
  + Works day and night
<br>
<br>

Known issues: 
+ Items are placeable, doesn't affect much
+ Tools incompatible with FoxyMachines' Improvement Forge & Core
<br>
<br>

My IGNs [LoveHeartX2R, RemiliaX, KakuzatouRemi]
<br>
Hehe I'm new to this
<br>
